Kestrel updates for 3.0 migration topic (#14331)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/migration/22-to-30.md

* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Transport.Abstractions.Internal.SchedulingMode> was removed from <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.KestrelServerOptions>.

For more information, see the following GitHub resources:

* [Client/server networking abstractions (aspnet/AspNetCore #10308)](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/issues/10308)
* [Implement new bedrock listener abstraction and re-plat Kestrel on top (aspnet/AspNetCore #10321)](https://github.com/aspnet/AspNetCore/pull/10321)

### Kestrel Request trailer headers

For apps that target earlier versions of ASP.NET Core, Kestrel adds HTTP/1.1 chunked trailer headers into the request headers collection when the request body is read to the end. This causes some concerns about ambiguity between headers and trailers, so the trailers have been moved to a new collection (`RequestTrailerExtensions`) in 3.0.

HTTP/2 request trailers, which are unavailable in ASP.NET Core 2.2, are now available in 3.0 as `RequestTrailerExtensions`. New request extension methods are present to access these trailers. As with HTTP/1.1, trailers are available after the request body is read to the end.

> HTTP/1.1 trailers are available once the entire request body has been read.

Reviewer: This line can probably be removed now that the above paragraph changed.

> HTTP/2 request trailers, which are unavailable in ASP.NET Core 2.2, are now available in 3.0 as `RequestTrailerExtensions`. New request extension methods are present to access these trailers. HTTP/2 trailers are available as soon as they're received from the client, but the client doesn't send the trailers until the entire request body has been at least buffered by the server. You may need to read the request body to free up buffer space. Trailers are always available if the request body is read to the end, as the trailers mark the end of the body.

Reviewer: I wouldn't even mention that the HTTP/2 trailers might be available before reading the entire request body, because even if that's true, it's unreliable. I'd go with the following.

```suggestion
HTTP/2 request trailers, which are unavailable in ASP.NET Core 2.2, are now available in 3.0 as `RequestTrailerExtensions`. New request extension methods are present to access these trailers. As with HTTP/1.1, trailers are available after the request body is read to the end.
```
